# Sahne Karnal Standart Edition
Sahne Karnal is the kernel of a fully independent operating system developed by Sahne Dünya. It's written in the Rust programming language and uses the Extended Microkernel architecture. It has been cross-platform (ARM, x86, RISC-V, and more) supported since its first release. It's a completely independent kernel. It's not even Unix, so it's a unique ecosystem. We've also created standard userland components alongside it. The Karnal64 API refers to kernel calls used in the kernel space. These kernel calls can collaborate with the userland and kernel communication API (for example: our standard userland component "Sahne64"), which activates the userland components. This kernel is currently very experimental. With your support, it will be no longer experimental and will now be a standard operating system that can be used on both Personal Mobile and Personal PC devices! Yes, you heard that right. It will be usable on both Personal Mobile and Personal PC devices with a single version!

# The basic architecture of Stage Karnal
1. Supported platform: Cross Platform (ARM, X86, RISC-V and more)
2. Those in the kernel area: Karnal64 API, CPU management, Dynamic/Static Memory management, I/O, Virtual Memory management, Scheduler, Context Switching, Interrupt Handlers, Power management, Processor/Thread Management, Security, Exception management, Mandatory components
3. Userspace: Shell, Userspace communication API (e.g., Sahne64), Drivers, Window System, Package manager (e.g., Sahne Dünya Packet Liders), Window Manager, Init system (e.g., Sahnemd), Login screen, File system (e.g., SADAK), Shell (e.g., SahneSH), Sound system, Installation system, and more
4. Kernel architecture: Extended Microkernel (This means that it is based on MicroKernel, but some components have been added to the kernel space to increase performance, and some have been added to the user space to increase flexibility, which means it is not pure MicroKernel! But it does not mean that Hybrid or Monolithic architecture is used!)
5. Targeted electronic devices: Personal Desktop and Personal Mobile
